Now as you can see there are new maps
that I've added to the game.
Well they're basically five maps.
There's this, this, this,
this and this one right here.
This is the first map that I made. It was
based on Shadow Dance.
The other four are based after the maps that are already
in the game but you play from the opposite
point of view, like
uhh, this one, it's basically Convoy Raid
but you play from the Pirates point of
view
which is actually pretty cool and uhh
Right lets test out my mod.
Now aside from new maps, I've also added
new ships and
new crew members. Well
lets see here, the ships aren't actually new
ships there basically ships
there in the game its just I've reactivated
them. Not that they weren't
active in the first place its just they were
not
available to the player so
let's play is a Civilian Galleon.
Auto assign everything else
Black Hole! Caution recommended!
and here we are. Now I made the detail level
to be very very low because
of recording purposes but is actually
very cool
if you put it on very high detail. These are some of
my new ships that
I've put in. It's basically a
weapons barge but I gave them all heavy weapons
so that outta.. although their health is
basically lower or still the same I gotta
re-check but
and they could also move now so they're now worth bringing.
But they're weak, incredibly weak.
Sails Damaged!
Fire!
Enemy vessel destroyed! Sir!
Changing heading now.
Careful helmsmen. Asteroids! Fire!
Fire! Aye! Aye!
Setting course.
One of our ships have has been destroyed Capt. Weapon bank destroyed.
That was the mod and I will update
it as much as I can by update I mean
add new stuff into it. Have fun with it.
If you have any questions you can
message me on my YouTube channel and uhh, Happy Gaming!